Feat(eos_designs)!: Platform and Fabric variables to adjust update wait-for-convergence and update wait-install (#2855)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/release-notes/4.x.x.md

### change in defaults eos_designs in BGP variables

- `bgp_default_ipv4_unicast: <bool> -> default false` was introduced to implement the best practice of disabling the default activation of IPv4 unicast address-family.
- `bgp_graceful_restart: <bool> -> default true` was introduced to implement the best practice of enabling router bgp `graceful-restart`.

> - `bgp_update_wait_install: <bool> -> default true` was introduced to implement the best practice of enable router bgp `update wait-install` in default and per vrf when the vrf contains configured neighbors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bgp_update_wait_install: <bool> -> default true` was introduced to implement the best practice of enable router bgp `update wait-install` under `router bgp` and BGP VRF definitions for VRFs containing BGP peerings.
```
